Add documentation for the aws-ecs-1 variant (#1053)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket: README.md

For example, an `x86_64` build of the `aws-k8s-1.17` variant will produce an image named `bottlerocket-aws-k8s-1.17-x86_64-<version>-<commit>.img`.

> Our first supported variants, `aws-k8s-1.15`, `aws-k8s-1.16`, and `aws-k8s-1.17`, supports EKS as described above.

Reviewer: Wasn't one of your changes but seems better.

```suggestion
Our first supported variants, `aws-k8s-1.15`, `aws-k8s-1.16`, and `aws-k8s-1.17`, support EKS as described above.
```

Author: Done

* how to build an image
* how to register an EC2 AMI from an image

> To get started using Bottlerocket with Kubernetes, please see [QUICKSTART](QUICKSTART-K8S.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To get started using Bottlerocket with Kubernetes, please see [QUICKSTART-EKS](QUICKSTART-EKS.md).
```

The existing quickstart uses eksctl, so I wouldn't say it's general to k8s.

Author: Done

It describes:
* how to set up a Kubernetes cluster, so your Bottlerocket instance can run pods
* how to launch a Bottlerocket instance in EC2

> To get started using Bottlerocket with Amazon ECS, please see [QUICKSTART](QUICKSTART-ECS.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To get started using Bottlerocket with Amazon ECS, please see [QUICKSTART-ECS](QUICKSTART-ECS.md).
```

Author: Done

> It describes:

Reviewer 2: I'm wondering if we can combine these sections.  Something like "To get started using Bottlerocket with Kubernetes, please see bla.  For Amazon ECS, please see bla.  They describe: * how to set up a cluster, so your Bottlerocket instance can run containers; * how to launch bla"

Author: I haven't updated this yet, but what do you think of something like this:

> Bottlerocket is best used with a container orchestrator. To get started with Kubernetes, please see [QUICKSTART-EKS]. To get started with Amazon ECS, please see [QUICKSTART-ECS].
>
> These guides describe:
> * how to set up a cluster with the orchestrator, so your Bottlerocket instance can run containers
> * how to launch a Bottlerocket instance in EC2

Author: Done

The following settings must be specified in order to join a Kubernetes cluster.
You should [specify them in user data](#using-user-data).

> See the [setup guide](QUICKSTART-EKS.md) for *much* more detail on setting up Bottlerocket and Kubernetes.

Reviewer 2: nit: It won't let me leave a suggestion for whatever reason, but upon reading this and the ECS version in context, I think the "see the guide" note belongs above the "the following settings..." note; the note applies to the whole "Kubernetes/ECS settings" section, not just the first group of settings.  (And if we're changing it, I'd get rid of the `*`...)

Author: Done

* `settings.kubernetes.node-ip`: The IPv4 address of this node.
* `settings.kubernetes.pod-infra-container-image`: The URI of the "pause" container.

#### Amazon ECS settings

The following settings can be optionally specified in order to join an Amazon ECS cluster.

> You should [specify them in user data](#using-user-data) as changes after your container instance has joined the cluster will not work.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following settings are optional and allow you to configure how your instance joins an ECS cluster.
Since joining a cluster happens at startup, they need to be [specified in user data](#using-user-data).
```

Author: Done

#### Amazon ECS settings

The following settings are optional and allow you to configure how your instance joins an ECS cluster.
Since joining a cluster happens at startup, they need to be [specified in user data](#using-user-data).
See the [setup guide](QUICKSTART-ECS.md) for *much* more detail on setting up Bottlerocket and ECS.
* `settings.ecs.cluster`: The name or [ARN](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/aws-arns-and-namespaces.html) of your Amazon ECS cluster.
  If left unspecified, Bottlerocket will join your `default` cluster.
* `settings.ecs.instance-attributes`: [Attributes](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/task-placement-constraints.html#attributes) in the form of key, value pairs added when registering the container instance in the cluster.
  * Example user data for setting up attributes:
    ```
    [settings.ecs.instance-attributes]
    attribute1 = "foo"
    attribute2 = "bar"
    ```

The following settings are optional and allow you to further configure your cluster.
These settings can be changed at any time.
* `settings.ecs.logging-drivers`: The list of logging drivers available on the container instance.

>   The ECS agent running on a container instance must register the available logging drivers on that instance before containers placed on that instance can use log configuration options for those drivers in tasks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  The ECS agent running on a container instance must register available logging drivers before tasks that use those drivers are eligible to be placed on the instance.
```
Sort of a hybrid of our suggestions.

Author: Done

* `settings.kubernetes.pod-infra-container-image`: The URI of the "pause" container.

#### Amazon ECS settings

The following settings can be optionally specified in order to join an Amazon ECS cluster.
You should [specify them in user data](#using-user-data) as changes after your container instance has joined the cluster will not work.
See the [setup guide](QUICKSTART-ECS.md) for *much* more detail on setting up Bottlerocket and ECS.
* `settings.ecs.cluster`: The name or [ARN](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/aws-arns-and-namespaces.html) of your Amazon ECS cluster.
  If left unspecified, Bottlerocket will join your `default` cluster.
* `settings.ecs.instance-attributes`: [Attributes](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/task-placement-constraints.html#attributes) in the form of key, value pairs added when registering the container instance in the cluster.
  * Example user data for setting up attributes:
    ```
    [settings.ecs.instance-attributes]
    attribute1 = "foo"
    attribute2 = "bar"
    ```

The following settings are optional and allow you to further configure your cluster.
These settings can be changed at any time.

> * `settings.ecs.logging-drivers`: The logging drivers available on the container instance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `settings.ecs.logging-drivers`: The list of logging drivers available on the container instance.
```
Small tweak to hint that it's a list type.  I don't think we need an explicit example, though.

Author: Done

>   The Amazon ECS container agent running on a container instance must register the logging drivers available on that instance before containers placed on that instance can use log configuration options for those drivers in tasks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  The ECS agent running on a container instance must register the available logging drivers before containers placed on that instance can use log configuration options for those drivers in tasks.
```
It's quite a sentence.

Author: Done

(And yeah...if you have suggestions on rephrasing it to make it less ungainly I'd welcome that too.)

Another possibility: The ECS agent running on a container instance must register the available logging drivers before tasks specifying the use of those drivers are eligible to be placed on that instance.

  Bottlerocket enables the `json-file`, `awslogs`, and `none` drivers by default.
* `settings.ecs.allow-privileged-containers`: Whether launching privileged containers is allowed on the container instance.
  If this value is set to false, privileged containers are not permitted.
  Bottlerocket sets this value to false by default. 
* `settings.ecs.loglevel`: The level of verbosity for the ECS agent's logs.

>   Supported values are `debug`, `info`, `warn`, `error`, and `crit`.
>   The default value is `info`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Supported values are `debug`, `info`, `warn`, `error`, and `crit`, and the default is `info`.
```

Author: Done
